[MUSIC]
>> Jon Kuperman: [COUGH] One last things I
just wanted to talk about are experiments.
And it's kind of a weird relationship
some of the stuff that's in Canary
are experiments in stable.
But then Canary, as we saw with the CPU
throttler has its own experiments.
So it's kind of, the experiments
are basically they just give you like
a warning this might crash your browser.
There's no certainty that
it's gonna keep working.
So the first thing that you'll want
to do is you'll want to go to,
I think it's chrome://flags.
And this gives you this huge list here.
There's a lot of stuff in here.
I wouldn't recommend just clicking a lot
of stuff in here but if you search to
a file find for devtools, you will
find this Developer Tools experiments.
This is the I think the only
one that I have enabled.
So you go to chrome://flags search for
Developer Tools or devtools and
enable that.
After doing so
you have to restart your browser.
So once you restart your browser from
now on, when you go to these three dots
here and Settings you'll have a new
panel over here which is Experiments.
There's some cool stuff here basically
a lot of it just kind of covers
settings for
the stuff that we've covered today.
So if you wanna have like folder excludes
for your work spaces as you're adding them
don't have the whole get directory, don't
have the whole load modules directory.
You have a list of all
your black box scripts.
You can have things black boxed globally
if you wanted to never show me jQuery.
That's jQuery's fine.
By experiments is the one we just added.
And they have a bunch of
really cool stuff on here.
And this also helps you get a really
good idea of what's coming next,
what's going to make its way into stable.
So for those that were asking before, this
is where you can turn on CPU throttling
and it'll show up in your timeline view.
Accessibility inspection is really great.
I do a lot of work and a lot of teaching
around accessibility and it's really nice.
They've come up with some program
magic ways it goes into the audit.
It's a new type of audit
that you can do and
it'll tell you things,
your color contrast isn't good enough for.
People that are visually impaired,
where the buttons aren't big enough or
there's not a labels all sorts
of really good stuff like that.
It's like probably the place that I
would recommend starting with for
accessibility is turn that on and
run an accessibility audit.
And there's some other stuff
that I haven't messed with yet.
There's this whole layers thing.
For a long time, all those cool material
colors were an experiment now they're made
their way into stable.
I was messing with the new
SASS stuff a little bit.
Request blocking is just one where you
can, I guess this would be kind of useful.
You can take a domain, YouTube and
you can block all requests to it.
I guess to kind of,
either to see what your page if it's
down or to see what your performance is
without all of those requests as opposed
to like commenting them out in the code.
So, I could just request block YouTube and
reload that slow page and
see how fast it was with no
YouTube requests going through.
So yeah.
So those are really cool.
They're fun.
Again, there's a big
warning up at the top here.
They require restarts and they might.
They might be dangerous, cool.
And then I guess moving on from here.
There's a lot of stuff.
I think we took a good pass in
the sense that we touched everything
we went through the panels but
there's a lot a lot more cool stuff.
I use Twitter a lot to stand top of the
things a ChroneDevTools and Firefox and
Edge, all have an account on Twitter and
they are really good about announcing
all the cool stuff that they're doing.
And the team seem to work really nicely
together with Firefox just launched this,
they share that content as far as
the Google Chrome people that is money.
If you're not following them already
they're really good follows they step
today and all the cool stuff coming up.
If you're interested in more
the rendering and page jank stuff,
there's this website jankfree.org,
it's just a collection of blog posts and
videos and talks on web animations in
60 frames per second, all that stuff.
And then the official devtool's docs.
They're good,
they're a little bit outdated like
the warning I had at the beginning.
If you're checking the docs, we had
a couple issues earlier where the doc
said one thing and
they've changed it since then but
as far as like the overarching
concepts haven't changed at all.
And then, there's this cool free Audacity
course to browse rendering optimization,
it cover some really cool stuff
again with like page jank and
critical rendering path all
that kind of stuff, cool.
That is it.
This is me.
Also feel free to either follow me or just
bother me, if you have any questions or
feedback or anything like that.